how are y'all doing today guys my name
isn't Fred tempering you guys the fourth
episode of my top trick shots of the
week so if you guys don't know how this
series works this is similar to a top 5
although these kill cams are not sort of
rated so that's what you guys are gonna
do if you guys want to throw in the
comments which shot you guys thought was
the best that's what you guys are gonna
do so I don't want to miss high-low shot
here goes off insta swap the reload
there as well beautiful wall bang great
shot you do see this shot hit you know
quite often but overall that was a very
good shot very good location I really
enjoyed that so moving on here we have
Andy and he's going for the Suey here
goes off picks the guy off absolutely
amazing shot we'll get seated a little
bit better here in the slow motion and
that's always cool to see so he goes off
insta swap a little bit there cranks the
bolt and then install and shoots and
very good shot so yeah pretty good work
there and so the third spot that we are
going to have this week goes to prevent
and another shot on the same map here
which is kind of kind of cool to see
back-to-back very cool I really enjoyed
that I don't know why I think it might
have something to do with you know when
I used to trickshot a lot more it was
more in the in the black ops one day
black ops 2 sort of thing when they were
just coming out and I really enjoyed the
the glide shots like he sort of added a
little bit of one there where you just
sort of run and do the glide very cool
work there awesome shot prevent so let's
move on here to the fourth kill cam that
we have this week by drock's and this
was crazy I don't even know where the
guy was I don't know what happened there
I can't even keep up to that but we're
gonna get to see the kill cam here and
I'll give it my best go so goes off
cranks the bold zooms in there and picks
the guy off
I'm not sure where the guy is drops if
you're watching this let me know in the
comments if you have any idea where he
was so this one here is very cool
free-for-all I don't throw in too many
free-for-all kill cams more so just
because I seem to get more you know
Search and Destroy sent and I do
and plus I myself have never been you
know crazy into the free-for-all
trickshotting
back in the day when you know I
trickshot in more free-for-all wasn't
something that you know a lot of people
did trickshot in so maybe that's why but
this one here was crazy
the wallbang that he did was was
unbelievable and you guys are gonna get
to see the slow-motion here goes off
reload there ends to swamp back to the
sniper and gets the guy and he actually
shows where the guy is which is always
cool to see I always enjoy when you guys
do this you know especially if it's
challenging to see where the person is
if you guys do this it does make it a
lot easier to you know figure out where
the people are so there is where he is
right down there sort of like a double
wall bang through that building very
cool show a great distance overall an
awesome shot so the sixth and final
killcam that we have this week goes to
nights and you know a very very clean
shot they're very good work I was about
to say on the number 6 spot but like I
say these aren't in any particular order
so awesome work nights and great work
this week we don't want to kill Kim sent
in which is nice to see if you guys want
to send them in please read through the
description make sure you guys do it as
it says because if not that I might not
get her I might not watch it all so from
now on if you guys are sending in kill
cams Mabel just maybe just title it's
something to do with like top 5 or
something like that just so I know but
anyways hope you guys enjoyed this video
that is infrared and i'm sanna no guys
later